Message 66 (Tue Aug 17): Flatley         -- Forsaken Love - a mud drama in two acts (I)
----------

  By:       yours truly, none other than the LORD OF THE DANCE
  Starring: Dave  - as: Perk, the cruel (yet dashing) mud jiggalo
            Trish - as: Reis, the young, suave yet forsaken mud maiden
  Rated:    R. Some random cusswords here, as well as mind-numbing
            hair-raising, convulsion-inducing usage of the English 
            grammar (or rather, lack thereof) - definitely not 
            recommended for kiddies under 17.



Reis tells you 'do you want to keep in touch by sending one sentence emails? yes or no'
You tell Reis 'no'
Reis tells you 'and why cant you come say hi to me now>? what aryeou doing'
Reis tells you 'so then what the fuck do you want'
You tell Reis 'nothing i wanna talk with u off of this game'
Reis tells you 'i really cant believe you'
Reis tells you 'well anyways it seems like we cant be friends cause you just want me to call you or call me and i wont do that now'
You tell Reis 'you say that every day trish'
Reis tells you 'you dotn want to talk on here you dont want to email me'
You tell Reis 'i didn't email u one fuckin day i had NOTING TO SAY'
Reis tells you 'ok whatever'
Reis tells you 'there is stuff to say'
You tell Reis 'jesus christ why email when i got nothing to say'
Reis tells you 'ok how come you didnt email that you didnt fight?'
You tell Reis 'cuz i said i'd email u fi i did'
You tell Reis 'what difference if i dont'
Reis tells you 'why not emai ltelling me what kind of questions you get asked'
Reis tells you 'cause i said i wanted to know'
Reis tells you 'and why arent you ehre now?'
Reis tells you 'this really sucks'


  <Dramatic music cuts in, screen fades to black>
  <bold letters:> TO BE CONTINUED!

Message 67 (Tue Aug 17): Flatley         -- Forsaken Love - a mud drama in two acts (II)
----------

  <Dramatic music increases in volume, screen fades into shot>
  <bold letters:> IT IS CONTINUED!

You tell Reis 'cuz i'm doing something'
Reis tells you 'great'
You tell Reis 'which i was doing before u where on and i'm finishing it'
Reis tells you 'i guess thats why you "lagged out and missed my question"'
Reis tells you 'which you did before you emailed me'
You tell Reis 'nope just cuz i lostl ink'
Reis tells you 'you lsot link? thats why you're liek way at the end of the who list?'
You tell Reis 'yeap'
Reis tells you 'such a fucking liar'
Reis tells you 'ok dave'
Reis tells you 'do you have anything to say?'
You tell Reis 'what trish TWHAT'
You tell Reis 'NOOO'
You tell Reis 'your pissing me off'
Reis tells you 'k i'm deleteing all my email programs and i guess that way i can be ensured we wont have anything to do with eachother anymore'
Reis tells you 'thank you so much for always making me feel like shit'
You tell Reis 'thank you for doing this stupidity'
You tell Reis 'your being stupid'
You tell Reis 'really stupid'
Reis tells you 'what stupidity?'

  <Dramatic music cuts in, screen fades to black>
  <Credits roll, people file out of the board room>
    
  SPECIAL THANKS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS SECTION:
  Dave (Kem/Perk/Norp, so on and so forth) - for providing the material
  Trish (fucked I'll be if I know) - for participating in providing the material
  Unnamed Arctic source - for snooping
  Bodhi - for moral support and blow jobs
  Pepsi - for being a refreshing, low calorie drink
  Bruce - for suggesting that Loafie is the reason Kem left Trish
	      
  Any similarity with events that might've occurred on ArcticMUD is entirely
  intentional. (c) 1999 Flatley the Studly Enterprises Inc, a division of
  SASS International.
		     