Running in ansi-mode
Proceedings of the meeting between Pathfinders, Legion and
Brotherhood. I have tried to keep all relevant acts and tells within
the document while trying to make it as short as possible
Alrisha Kaitain
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Your group consists of:
Member           Hits      Move      Position  Fly Inv Fight Mem
------------------------------------------------------------------
Wythn            perfect   rested    resting    Y   N    N    0
Alrisha          perfect   rested    resting    N   N    N    0
Krishnar         perfect   rested    resting    N   N    N    0
Arrel            perfect   rested    resting    N   N    N    0
Mance            perfect   rested    standing   Y   N    N    0
Dardan           perfect   rested    standing   Y   N    N    0
Strathaar        perfect   rested    standing   Y   N    N    0
Krishnar tells your group 'well lets get this started'
Krishnar tells your group 'I think it would be benifical for both our clans to stop this war'
Wythn tells your group 'I think we would agree, which is why we're here.'
Krishnar tells your group 'i know we both have our differences, but after doin the final quest with strathaar and co. i really bega
n to regret this war'
Arrel tells you 'i want just peace.. nothign else'
Mance tells your group 'i always regretted this war..'
You tell your group 'I, obviously, agree with the those statements.'
Strathaar tells your group 'Then let us decide how best to end this situation'
Strathaar tells your group 'One of my main concerns is the lack of communication between the clanmates'
Strathaar tells your group 'an incident of so and so didn't know could bring us right back into full war.'
Arrel tells your group 'so how do you want to correct it?'
Krishnar tells your group 'ya, there have been a lot of misscommunications between everyone'
You tell your group 'I would like to make clear that our clan has changed somewhat from it dark past: We have tried to get rid of,
or discourage, members acting own their own towards neutral people.'
Strathaar tells your group 'Can you gauruntee exlpicit communication to all your clan members this time.'
You tell your group 'I believe we are more capable of governing our own members than before.'
Strathaar tells your group 'yes, which I saw Oligo correcting Negari for just yesterday'
Wythn tells your group 'That would certainly help.'
Krishnar nods solemnly.
Strathaar tells your group 'can you give quick and complete communication to the members of your clan'
You tell your group 'I doubt we can guarantee complete and quick way to reach all members.'
Arrel tells your group 'strathaar you said one little incident could bring us to war again... but waht about people like erathlyn..
no offence but he did run off with a stone tab'
Wythn tells your group 'That was during the war.'
Strathaar tells your group 'at that time, erathlyn was not a member of the pathfinders'
Wythn tells your group 'We're talking about peacetime measures, and Erathlyn was taken care of for that incident.'
You tell your group 'I suggest to leave case of Erathlyn out for moment.'
You tell your group 'Aside of our problems of clear structure and communication, would there be any other unsolved questions?'
You tell your group 'Assuming we reach peach treaty.'
Krishnar tells your group 'are they any conditions any of us want to put in before we reach an agreement?'
Strathaar tells your group 'If any member of any of our three clans breaks this treaty, they will not be protected'
Strathaar tells your group 'This goes for a Pathfinder as well as any other'
You tell your group 'I would even suggest, that if some of our member breaks the treaty, it would be our task to compensate for the
losses and deal with punishment, until the other party is satisfied.'
Arrel tells your group 'ok.. so we agree taht if anyone of us goes against the treaty, that char would be unprotected and dealty wi
th'
Arrel tells your group 'err dealt with'
Wythn tells your group 'Who takes care of it?'
You tell your group 'Or rather, the said members clan would be responsible of compensation the material losses.'
Arrel tells your group 'nod'
Wythn tells your group 'Which clan will be responsible?'
Arrel tells your group 'the member's clan i would say'
Strathaar tells your group 'Ok, someone breaks the treaty, they die. They are considered renegade and be hunted in a logged fight b
y all members of the clans.'
Wythn tells your group 'will the said member be at the mercy of th epeople they attacked, or will their clan handle it?'
Wythn tells your group 'Two differnt ways of looking at it here.'
Arrel tells your group 'i would hope for teh clan handling it'
Strathaar tells your group 'If complete compensation is made, then I will agree to that'
You tell your group 'I would suggest letting the clan handle it. Clan should always be able to compensation the losses.'
Mance tells your group 'same here'
Dardan tells your group 'i want the clan to handle it, by compensating for material possessions/exp loses'
Strathaar tells your group 'That is fine with me. Then we are agreed'
You tell your group 'Otherwise we end up with some member attacking and hding the gains.'
Wythn tells your group 'Fair enough. How about some sort of basic communication between clans?'
Mance tells your group 'sounds fair'
Strathaar tells your group 'This includes making a multi to kill with and hiding it behind a clan.'
Strathaar tells your group 'No exceptions'
Arrel tells your group 'nod'
You tell your group 'Agreed.'
Mance tells your group 'agreed.. '
Strathaar tells your group 'Communication between the clans should be in a email basis I should think'
Arrel tells your group 'however how about the question of zoning and grouping'
Mance tells your group 'yes emails only real way'
Strathaar tells your group 'Let us sheath the sword and let is sit awhile. I think grouping is a ways off'
Arrel tells your group 'i meant with the shriners'
Wythn tells your group 'Well, grouping how?'
Arrel tells your group 'pfs grouping with shriners'
Wythn tells your group 'We rarely group with Shriners to zone.'
Strathaar tells your group 'We will not group with the shriners who are to attack your clan'
Krishnar tells your group 'or any multi's of our clan'
Strathaar tells your group 'There are very few shriners who join us in groups. On the whole, we stick to ourself'
You tell your group 'Arrel has point. We should make some agreement about passive assisting as well.'
Arrel tells your group 'how about grouping shriners when they are being hunted.. will you defend them?'
Arrel tells your group 'including recalling them?'
Wythn tells your group 'I dont' consider that defense'
Krishnar tells your group 'but you cannot put blame in if we run in and attack a shriner that is grouped with you'
Strathaar tells your group 'I will recall any group member as I have in the past, be it BD or Shriner'
Arrel tells your group 'the thing is strat.. if your bashed you cant recall :)'
Mance tells your group 'i agree with strathaar for that one'
Krishnar tells your group 'arrel'
Strathaar tells your group 'if you do not touch a pathfinder in the attack, I will do nothing but recall them'
Krishnar tells your group 'bashin him would be a direct violation of the treaty we are trying to bring about'
You tell your group 'We can accept that, only mean here is to reach the exact agreement to avoid misunderstanings.'
Arrel tells your group 'im just pointing out that recalling them makes it more dificult'
Strathaar tells your group 'If any Pathfinder is attacked, we will find ourselves at war again.'
Mance tells your group 'arrel pipe downa  bit with that bashing thing'
Krishnar tells your group 'ya be quiet'
Strathaar tells your group 'Arrel, would you prefer I let the Shriners kill you if you were grouped with me?'
Strathaar tells your group 'Or would you like me to save you with a recall.'
You tell your group 'This creates some obvious problems, and makes grouping a single Pathfinder withing Shriner very popular I am a
fraid, from Shriner's part.'
Arrel tells your group 'nod'
Strathaar tells your group 'We will be more than able to handle our Pathfinders in these matters.'
You tell your group 'Most common method in attack groups is to use are spells.'
You tell your group 'Presence of single Pathfinder would prevent this?'
Strathaar tells your group 'Yes it would. However'
Strathaar tells your group 'Most attacks are not completely by surprise'
Strathaar tells your group 'especially when it concerns your two clans, in larger scale.'
Mance tells your group 'if there are a lot of bd on and one shriner they know we are coming.. only common sense'
Strathaar tells your group 'aye it is'
Strathaar tells your group 'At the same time, we rarely group with shriners to zone. There are maybe three or four I normally zone
with.'
You tell your group 'May I assume, if a Shriner group makes the iniative and attacks, the other group is allowed to defend itself f
ully regardless of the presence of neutral parties?'
Wythn tells your group 'Yes, any PF in that group would be in trouble from our end as well.'
Strathaar tells your group 'yes, it will be a set rule a PF member in a shriner group will recall immediately.'
Strathaar tells your group 'if they assist the shriners, they will be dealt with harshly'
Mance tells your group 'i trust there word on that..'
Krishnar tells your group 'sounds agreeable'
You tell your group 'Extreme example would be of us hutning Shriner/PF group, and Shriner trigger causing an iniative.'
Wythn tells your group 'Yeah, triggers can do that pretty well :>'
Krishnar tells your group 'well it is basically obvious when there is going to be a battle'
Mance tells your group 'heh ;)'
Arrel tells your group 'not always'
Strathaar tells your group 'yes, on the average it will be known there will be a fight'
Krishnar nods at Strathaar.
Strathaar tells your group 'even an unknown one is not completely unseen'
Krishnar tells your group 'can use common sense to avoid these little matters'
You tell your group 'It has been our habit to hunt every single member of opposite clan if we see only. '
Strathaar tells your group 'it is not hard to tell from the who that a certain number of a clan are signing on to compete the numbe
r of the opposing'
You tell your group 'I am afraid of situations of like one Shriner one PF grouping and doing something together,'
Strathaar tells your group 'a warning to said pathfinder would break the surprise'
Dardan tells your group 'pf's will not help shriners in any pkill on brotherhood and multies'
Krishnar tells your group 'that has alrdy been stated as a base agreement for our treaty'
You tell your group 'Another issue we should talk about. Who are members of each clan.'
Arrel tells your group 'nod'
Krishnar tells your group 'nor will we assist in any attacks on the PF as multi's or as primary chars'
Wythn tells your group 'Ours are a bit easy to tell, as a general rule.'
Strathaar tells your group 'all our main members are titled'
You tell your group 'Though only after they have reached certain point.'
Wythn tells your group 'True enough'
Mance tells your group 'most cases is in the title less u are not to that level yet'
Strathaar tells your group 'those that are not titled or have Pathfinder in their descs are not protected by the clan'
Strathaar tells your group 'this has been a general rule'
Arrel tells your group 'hrm that rule will be harder to enforce'
Arrel tells your group 'for us'
Mance tells your group 'problem is if u are gonna fight.. most people don't stop and look at someone's descript first'
Strathaar tells your group 'It shouldn't be, when you have imposed the rule of not killing neutrals'
Wythn tells your group 'bah'
You tell your group 'I believe we have lately been requesting more people to obtain title.'
Krishnar tells your group 'all our clan members will be titled'
Wythn tells your group 'why would you be killing a neutral without looking at them?'
Krishnar tells your group 'then it is easy to tell if a hunted target is a pathfinder or brotherhood'
Krishnar tells your group 'just "who title *path* who title *brother*"'
Mance tells your group 'point well taken ;)'
Mance tells your group 'who title *legion*'
Mance winks at Krishnar.
Wythn chuckles politely.
Krishnar snickers softly.
Arrel tells your group 'okay i dont have any other concerns then'
You tell your group 'I would suggest we try to get people to obtain title, and those of will not, we will submit separate list.'
Wythn looks at you and nods solemnly.
Wythn tells your group 'That would be excellent'
Mance smiles warmly.
Wythn tells your group 'I imagine we can provide the same'
Wythn tells your group 'as needed'
Strathaar tells your group 'Now mance, how will the Legion go with this. Most of them I am not overly familiar with'
Strathaar tells your group 'will they follow your word'
Strathaar tells your group 'that is my next concern'
Mance tells your group 'same deal'
You tell your group 'I hope this, killing of unknonw persons, should be serious issue, since we are discouraging such acts.'
Mance tells your group 'title to find us and seperate will be a list'
You tell your group '...should not be...'
Mance tells your group 'we usually are with brotherhood..'
Strathaar tells your group 'usually is not good enough I'm afraid. I need a solid honorable agreement to trust whatsoever.'
Dardan tells your group 'i'm also concerned about the legion. the other day olgren posted that they are separate and he can't contr
ol them.'
Wythn tells your group 'Yeah, that's why we requested Bilenz be here, because they do act on their own as well.'
Mance tells your group 'i will put my word up taht we won't every attack a pathfinder..'
Arrel tells your group 'i know most of the legion'
Mance tells your group 'i dunno where bilenz is'
Arrel tells your group 'they will follow our command'
Mance tells your group 'but bilenz asked me long ago to talk with u all about peace'
Arrel tells your group 'or bilenz's'
Krishnar tells your group 'sorry guyz i gotta go'
Mance tells your group 'his word is any1 witha legion title.. '
Krishnar bows before Strathaar.
Arrel tells your group 'we basically have the same point of view'
Krishnar bows before you.
Krishnar says 'farewell'
Krishnar has left the game.
Krishnar stops following you.
Mance tells your group 'we basically stay together'
Strathaar tells your group 'If that is compromised and a legion group harms one Pathfinder, we will hunt the Legion. I hope I am no
t wrong in saying the Brotherhood will not protect them.'
Dardan tells your group 'lets add a contingency that if the legion do not follow your will, you do not defend them.'
Strathaar tells your group 'I only sound harsh because the two leaders of the Legion decided not to show up.'
You tell your group 'I agree with that.'
Arrel tells your group 'we will handle legion'
Mance tells your group 'if a legion member hunts a pathfinder i will hunt him myself'
Strathaar tells your group 'fair enough.'
You tell your group 'We had such situation earlier, Storm being in war with Legion and peace with us.'
Mance tells your group 'yah they attacked us..'
Arrel tells your group 'alrisha i don't think thats wise'
Arrel tells your group 'err cause legion does group with us constantly'
Mance tells your group 'we want peace ..'
Mance tells your group 'if a legion member particapates in any way in the harming of a pathfinder he will be delt with harshly..'
You tell your group 'We cannot enforce our decisions to Legion even if we hope so. If they go separate way we can't group with them
so much. But I will assume they we will walk the same path.'
Arrel nods at Mance.
Mance tells your group 'i'm a man of my word.. '
Wythn tells your group 'But do you have teh power to enforce that in the clan?'
Strathaar tells your group 'I know you are Wil'
Strathaar tells your group 'it is your clanmates I don't trust as much'
Mance tells your group 'none of us wanted to fight u all..'
Mance tells your group 'i tried to get peace with u all long ago but with our grouping with brotherhood that was kinda impossible'
Wythn nods solemnly.
Arrel tells your group 'okay.. we will post it on teh board'
Mance tells your group 'the last big battlew we've fought in was all mixed groups of clans'
Wythn tells your group 'yeah, it was'
Arrel tells your group 'that we have reached an agreement'
Mance tells your group 'any other questions as far as legion is concerned?'
Mance tells your group 'bilenz works at odd hours 12 hour days'
Mance tells your group 'he is on call i think basically'
You tell your group 'I suggest we write formal peace treaty to which letter and spirit we refer in case of misunderstandings.'
Wythn tells your group 'Very well, do you wish to draft one and send it to us?'
Wythn tells your group 'or we can, vice versa'
Arrel tells your group 'we should also post it'
Arrel tells your group 'to prevent mishaps'
Wythn tells your group 'well, assuming your folks actually read the board -- half of ours don't'
Wythn tells your group 'I'd assume you could get the information to all your clan members'
Mance tells your group 'board is like those cheap magazines now a days, just funny to look at'
Arrel tells your group 'i mean.. you would be able to tell a person who is trying to kill you to read some message'
Arrel tells your group 'on teh board'
Wythn chuckles politely.
Mance laughs heartily.
Wythn nods solemnly.
Dardan tells your group 'yeah and that mesage would be on the board for, what? a whole half week'
Wythn tells your group 'Yeah'
Mance tells your group 'should be put on the board so other people know as well'
Wythn tells your group 'best to worry about getting it to all the clans'
You tell your group 'Due our experience with Harpers: May I assume that this treaty is meant to last until end of the world?'
Mance tells your group 'and also sent out to the clan/email'
Wythn chuckles politely.
You tell your group 'There is clan board as well, meant for posts like this.'
Wythn tells your group 'Until the end of the world as we know it, this wipe.'
Wythn looks at you and nods solemnly.
Wythn tells your group 'Beyond that, it's a whole new world.'
You tell your group 'So we have reached an understanding and agree to peace, which will be formally signed and announced later?'
Wythn tells your group 'Yes, I believe so.'
Mance tells your group 'same here'
Strathaar tells your group 'let us announce it now and draw up the documents as quickly as possible.'
Wythn tells your group 'So all three clans are agreed to peace, and agree to follow a commonly held treaty later.'
Mance tells your group 'i agree'
Mance tells your group 'u guys will have to post it'
You tell your group 'The proceedings concerning the treaty from now on would bem that after we produce the draft and send it to the
clan, we should be able to formally announce it soon unless there is strong opposition to the said treaty within our clan.'
Strathaar tells your group 'hrmm, it would be a technicality at best.'
Wythn tells your group 'Formally announce it how?'
Mance tells your group 'board?'
Arrel tells your group 'posts i believe would be the best'
You tell your group 'Board, we post from each of the parties, might be best.'
Mance tells your group 'post for me cuz i can't formally do it till a few days when i drive back to college.'
Wythn tells your group 'Will you be able to post one now?'
Arrel tells your group 'hrm'
Wythn tells your group 'Sayin that further info will be following?'
You tell your group 'The truce we had until this meeting shall continue till we have the formal peace.'
Wythn looks at you and nods solemnly.
Strathaar tells your group 'agreed'
Mance tells your group 'ahh'
You tell your group 'We all could post that the said clans have truce until further notified.'
Wythn tells your group 'I would like that, yeah'
Mance tells your group 'the "don't fuckin touch a pathfinder you dumb ass" truce'
Wythn chuckles politely.
Mance tells your group 'least that what i got told'
Strathaar tells your group 'I will be opt busy for a few days it seems, but I agree to it.'
Wythn chuckles politely.
Mance tells your group 'i agree'
You tell your group 'I will try to make the said post as soon as I am physically able, and make the draft based to the discussions
here very soon after that.'
Strathaar tells your group 'good enough.'
Wythn tells your group 'How do you want to do the treaty?'
Wythn tells your group 'I'd like to get it up tonight if possible.'
You tell your group 'May we formally end this meeting now, even if I wish to say something after this?'
You tell your group 'I will do the draft right after this meeting.'
Wythn nods solemnly.
Wythn tells your group 'good enough'
You stand up.
Wythn tells your group 'well, then, if there is nothing futher...?'
Arrel stands up.
Mance tells your group 'email the draft out?'
You say 'Those we have reached peace.'
You shake his hand.
You shake his hand.
Wythn bows before you.
Arrel shakes Wythn's hand.
Mance shakes Strathaar's hand.
You shake his hand.
Wythn bows before Mance.
Mance shakes Wythn's hand.
Dardan bows before you.
You shake his hand.
Mance slaps Arrel.
Strathaar bows deeply.
Wythn bows before Arrel.
Mance shakes your hand.
Wythn laughs heartily.
Arrel says 'ow'
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
With this treaty the Clan of Brotherhood with the Clan of Legion and
the Clan of Pathfinders agree to cease their hostilites towards each
other, and commit themself in maintaining state of peace between all
parties until to the end of the world.
Each party agrees to actively prevent conlicts between the said parties
and further friendship between the clans according to the spirit of
this treaty.
Each member of the above clans, as well as the Clans itself, are
considered participants of this treaty.
The parties agree that:

1. The participants will not assist in any hostile attempt towards any
other participant of this treaty.

2. The participants will try avoid getting involved in conflict
between a participant of this treaty and some third party.

2.1 However, if a participant's group is attacked by any force he may
defend his groupmember's lives as long as he doesn't actively harm any
other participants of this treaty.

3. If any participant, be it accident or not, violates the treaty
causing harm, the clan of the participant is obliged to compensate all
the losses, within one week of said incident.
3.1 If agreement about the compensation cannot be reached, or the
treaty is violated repeatedly by the same participant, he shall be no
longer considered as participant of this treaty until the parties
agree otherwise.

3.2 Accepting gains from hostilities towards a participant of this
treaty, be it caused by a participant or any third party, and refusing
to return them will be in violation of this treaty.

4. Each party agrees to announce their members by titles or by separate
notes delivered to the other parties.



---

Manually added clan: Pathfinders
