I am the Voice of Shriners Past, and I have an important press
release that will affect all of Krynn. You all should feel extremely
honored to be a part of this historical event: the return of the Tarsis
Shriners to their homeland. 

The Tarsis Shriners are the oldest, most prosperous clan on Arctic (and
probably the Internet), and after a long sabbatical to spread their 
infinite goodness to other areas of the world, we have returned to 
reinstitute the Old Ways to Krynn.

What does this mean to you? It means that you may be one of the lucky 
ones who gets to feel our cleansing touch, to be freed from the 
oppressive weight of your equipment, to have your false beliefs burned 
away by our penetrating Sass(tm). Oh, Rejoice Krynn! For a time, the one 
true clan is back!

The first meeting of the Shriner High Council has resulted in the 
following two edicts:

1) Ham Restrictions for the Unworthy. As all scholars of our history 
know, the Shriners are an ancient society steeped in tradition, and we 
thrive on the divine ham of Tarsis. During our religious ceremonies, 
Shriner priests give out ham sandwiches as sacrament. And this holy pork 
product is no longer to touch the lips of the unwashed masses. Those 
found in possession of Tarsis ham without permission will be subject to a 
thorough cleansing. And our cleaning products aren't so gentle on the 
skin.

2) Those citizens who have opposed the Shriner ways will have to be 
cleansed, again and again, until we think they see the light, which 
generally takes a really really long time. Forgiveness does not come 
easy. 

BUT, we're running a special on restitutions this week only. Our 
operators are standing by! If you've somehow found yourself on the 
infidel list, you may be able to find forgiveness, this week only, for 
ONLY a public apology and all of your equipment. (Note: offer void where 
prohibited.) So don't delay, make amends today. It may be your last 
chance.

As more exciting developments unfold, we'll be sure to keep our loving 
fans informed. We now return you to your regularly scheduled fiery 
cataclysm.





 

---

Manually added clan: Tarsis Shriners
