
Qlogview 0.34 : text-mode

The gate seems to be closed.

359H 89V 1X 0C Exits:NS(W)> 
open gate
w
Ok.

359H 89V 1X 0C Exits:NSW> 
Zezzogamu flies in from the east.
Canny flies in from the east.
Canny kneels down and studies the ground.
Cabreii flies in from the east.
Migfgak flies in from the east.
Kenyah flies in from the east.
Entryway to the Temple
Kenyah Raaka, the Blood Dripping Menace is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Migfgak the Male Gnome is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Cabreii Manito is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Ludjpa the Male Gnome is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Canny the Male Hylar Dwarf is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Zezzogamu the Male Human is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
. . . is surrounded by 4 duplicate images.
Harlock, BSR Space Pirate is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Menio the Male Hylar Dwarf is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Lady Ilen Laursen, Professional Healer is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Piima Parta, Merry Buffoon is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Zippo Ignito is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Lucas the Male Human is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
You see the outline of a life form here, carrying: a granite ring; an amulet of levitation; the amulet of Kul; a pair of finely crafted circlets; a runed inscribed vallenwood staff; a glowing scroll of recall.
Selith, BSR Dispenser of Happiness is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
Zataran, BSR is standing here. (flying) (invisible)
. . . is followed by a hovering ball of light.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Zezzogamu focuses harshly on Zippo and utters some strange words.
Zezzogamu slowly fades into existence.
Zezzogamu comes out of hiding.
The sound of bones cracking echoes as Zezzogamu's force bolt slams into Zippo.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Ludjpa focuses harshly on Zippo and utters the words, 'flame shroud'.
Ludjpa slowly fades into existence.
Flesh burns as Ludjpa enshrouds Zippo in a cloak of flames.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Kenyah focuses harshly on Zippo and utters some strange words.
Kenyah slowly fades into existence.
The sound of bones cracking echoes as Kenyah's force bolt slams into Zippo.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Cabreii focuses harshly on Zippo and utters some strange words.
Cabreii slowly fades into existence.
The sound of bones cracking echoes as Cabreii's force bolt slams into Zippo.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Migfgak slowly fades into existence.
Migfgak crashes into Zippo in a thundering collision, knocking him to the ground!

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

**Canny: d on track

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Piima raises an eyebrow.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Migfgak massacres Zippo with his slash.
Migfgak misses Zippo with his slash.
Zezzogamu misses Zippo with his hit.
Zippo misses Zezzogamu and destroys an image instead.
Zippo misses Zezzogamu and destroys an image instead.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Canny slowly fades into existence.
Canny crashes into Zippo in a thundering collision, knocking him to the ground!

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Ludjpa focuses harshly on Zippo and utters the words, 'flame shroud'.
Ludjpa slowly fades into existence.
Flesh burns as Ludjpa enshrouds Zippo in a cloak of flames.
Zezzogamu focuses harshly on Zippo and utters some strange words.
Brains splatter on you as Zezzogamu's force bolt shatters Zippo's skull.
You receive 0 experience.
Zippo is dead! R.I.P.
Kenyah focuses harshly on Zippo and utters some strange words.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 
exa corpse
get all.coins corpse

The death cry of Zippo echoes from somewhere nearby...
Zippo sinks gently to the ground.
Piima now follows Zataran.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 

Zataran gets a large pile of coins from the corpse of Zippo.

359H 88V 1X 0C Exits:EW> 
It's a pretty ghastly sight! Searching through the remains, you find:
corpse (here) : 
a venom dagger..it glows blue..it glows dimly
a black fang of a shadow beast..it glows blue
a thick dwarven bracelet..it glows blue
a black dragonscale band..it glows blue
a dwarven belt
a long grey robe
a pair of the weaponsmaster's gloves..it glows blue
some greasy footpads
a pair of woodsman's leggings
an executioner's hood..it glows blue
a leather jerkin..it glows blue
a smokey red satchel..it glows blue
a ring of white gold..it glows blue
the seal of Newport..it glows blue
a strip of dik-dik jerky
a small canteen
a waterskin
some pixie dust..it glows blue..it glows dimly [7]

